Great Saint
You are leaving again.
Yeah, you can come with me, too
Ranked in Xianpan
You have this qualification now. Really?
You have to think clearly
You're no longer a mortal with the gold hoop on.
The seven emotions and six desires in the world have nothing to do with you
Mr. Jinchuan
Would you like to marry the woman next to you?
I would like Miss Wu Yuan
Would you like to marry Mr. Jinchuan?
I don't want to
This guy came back alive
Not a waste
What are you doing here?
Today is the announcement by the president of the Tiananmen Square Society
It's also the day of great joy
What are you doing here?
Somebody throw him out for me
Goodbye president